Simplify MCP client configuration with smart defaults (#11)
chris-sanders/troubleshoot-mcp-server: DOCKER.md

# Create a directory for bundles
mkdir -p ./bundles

# Run the container
docker run -i --rm \
  -v "$(pwd)/bundles:/data/bundles" \
  -e SBCTL_TOKEN="your_token_here" \

>   -e MCP_BUNDLE_STORAGE="/data/bundles" \

Author: This should actually be a default so it doesn't need to be added here. Remove it.

## Configuration with MCP Clients

To use the Docker container with MCP clients (such as Claude or other AI models), add the server configuration to your client's settings.

### MCP Client Configuration

You can get the recommended configuration by running:

```bash
docker run --rm mcp-server-troubleshoot:latest --show-config
```

The output will provide a ready-to-use configuration for MCP clients:

```json
{
  "mcpServers": {
    "troubleshoot": {
      "command": "docker",
      "args": [
        "run",
        "-i",
        "--rm",
        "-v", 
        "${HOME}/bundles:/data/bundles",
        "-e",
        "SBCTL_TOKEN=${SBCTL_TOKEN}",
        "-e",

>         "MCP_BUNDLE_STORAGE=/data/bundles",

Author: Again this is a default and shouldn't be needed to be set or included in recommended settings.

        "mcp-server-troubleshoot:latest"
      ]
    }
  }
}
```

This configuration assumes:

1. You have the `SBCTL_TOKEN` environment variable set in your environment
2. You want to store bundles in `${HOME}/bundles` on your host machine
3. You're using Docker as your container runtime

Replace `${HOME}/bundles` with the actual path to your bundles directory if needed.

## Usage Examples

### Initialize a Bundle

```bash

> # Using the MCP inspector to send a request to initialize a bundle

Author: ```suggestion
# Using echo to send a request to initialize a bundle
```

This isn't inspector just updating the phrasing

## Configuration with MCP Clients

To use the Docker container with MCP clients (such as Claude or other AI models), add the server configuration to your client's settings.

### Minimal Client Configuration

The MCP server now supports simplified configurations that are automatically expanded with smart defaults:

```json
{
  "mcpServers": {
    "troubleshoot": {
      "command": "docker",
      "args": [
        "run",

>         "-i",

Author: The "-rm" flag needs to be part of this config.

        "mcp-server-troubleshoot:latest"
      ]
    }
  }
}
```

This minimal configuration is all you need to get started. The server will automatically add appropriate defaults for:

- Volume mounts
- Environment variables
- Docker flags
- CLI arguments

### Standard Configuration Options

> #### Using the run.sh Script

Author: This section isn't necessary and should be removed all together.

        "SBCTL_TOKEN=${SBCTL_TOKEN}",
        "-e",
        "MCP_BUNDLE_STORAGE=/data/bundles",
        "-e",
        "MCP_KEEP_ALIVE=true",
        "mcp-server-troubleshoot:latest"
      ]
    }
  }
}
```

Replace `${LOCAL_BUNDLE_DIRECTORY}` with the actual path to your bundles directory. Make sure the `SBCTL_TOKEN` environment variable is set in your environment if needed.

### Enhanced Configuration Options

#### Custom Bundle Directory

To specify a custom bundle directory without listing all the Docker arguments:

```json
{
  "mcpServers": {
    "troubleshoot": {
      "command": "docker",
      "args": [
        "run",
        "-i",
        "mcp-server-troubleshoot:latest"
      ],
      "bundleDir": "/path/to/your/bundles"
    }
  }
}
```

#### Environment Variables

> To pass environment variables to the server:

Author: We shouldn't recommend putting a token in your config file. This section should be removed, the user can use the "-e" example above to pass in tokens.
